Task_1_CodeAlpha_Age_Calculator/README.md, before:

# CodeAlpha Tasks  

This repository contains tasks completed as part of the **CodeAlpha Internship** program.  
Each task demonstrates problem-solving skills, clean coding practices, and practical application of concepts.  

---

## Projects  

1. **Age Calculator**  
A simple tool that calculates a person’s age based on the entered date of birth. 

--- 

## 🛠️ Technologies  
- HTML  
- CSS  
- JavaScript  

---

## 🚀 How to Run  

1. Clone the repository:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rue87/codealpha_tasks.git

2. Navigate into the project folder: cd codealpha_tasks

3. Open the project files in your browser or editor.

## 🧮 How to Use the Age Calculator

- Enter your date of birth in the input field.
- Click the "Calculate Age" button.
- The tool will instantly display your current age in years, months and days.

## 📁 Project Structure

codealpha_tasks/
│
├── Age_Calculator/        
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── style.css
│   ├── script.js
│   └── README.md          
│
└── README.md              # Main repo documentation (this file)


## 🤝 Collaboration

This project is open for collaboration. Feel free to fork, contribute, or suggest improvements.

## Contact
- **Name**: Runyararo Marongwe  
- **Email**: mrunya87@gmail.com  
- **GitHub**: [Rue87](https://github.com/Rue87)  
- **LinkedIn**: [Runyararo Marongwe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/runyararo-marongwe-24835279)


If you like this project, feel free to give it a star on GitHub!

Commit message:

docs: update README with correct folder names and PowerShell instructions

Task_1_CodeAlpha_Age_Calculator/README.md, after:

# CodeAlpha Tasks  

This repository contains tasks completed as part of the **CodeAlpha Internship** program.  
Each task demonstrates problem-solving skills, clean coding practices, and practical application of concepts.  

---

## Projects  

1. **Age Calculator**  
A simple tool that calculates a person’s age based on the entered date of birth. 

--- 

## 🛠️ Technologies  
- HTML  
- CSS  
- JavaScript  

---
 
## 🚀 How to Run  

1. Clone the repository:  
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/Rue87/codealpha_tasks.git

2. Navigate into the Task 1 folder: cd codealpha_tasks\Task_1_CodeAlpha_Age_Calculator


3. Open index.html in your browser to run the project.

## 🧮 How to Use the Age Calculator

- Enter your date of birth in the input fields.
- Click the "Calculate Age" button.
- The tool will display your current age in years, months, and days.

## 📁 Project Structure

codealpha_tasks/
│
├── Task_1_CodeAlpha_Age_Calculator/        
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── styles.css
│   ├── script.js
│   └── README.md          
│
└── README.md              # Main repo documentation (this file)

## 🤝 Collaboration

This project is open for collaboration. Feel free to fork, contribute, or suggest improvements.

## Contact
- **Name**: Runyararo Marongwe  
- **Email**: mrunya87@gmail.com  
- **GitHub**: [Rue87](https://github.com/Rue87)  
- **LinkedIn**: [Runyararo Marongwe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/runyararo-marongwe-24835279)


If you like this project, feel free to give it a star on GitHub!
